Update service_definitions.md (#23618)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_catalog/service_definitions.md

Note: The entity reference only applies to an entity from the same YAML file. 

##### Implicit Inheritance 

> Components (`kind:service`, `kind:datastore`, `kind:queue`, `kind:ui`) inherit all metadata from the application that it belongs to under the following conditions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Components (`kind:service`, `kind:datastore`, `kind:queue`, `kind:ui`) inherit all metadata from the application that they belong to under the following conditions:
```

> - There’s only ONE application defined in the yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There is only one application defined in the YAML file.
```
